Add helpful guideline for contributors (#2212)
maplibre/maplibre-gl-js: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Do not violate Mapbox copyright!
In December 2020 Mapbox decided to publish future versions of mapbox-gl-js under a proprietary license. **You are not allowed to backport code from Mapbox projects which has been contributed under this new license**. Unauthorized backports are the biggest threat to the MapLibre project. If you are unsure about this issue, [please ask](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-js/discussions)!

## Best Practices for Contributions

> Maplibre welcomes contributions from community! This codebase is large and complex, and following these best practices will assist the maintainer team in reviewing your contribution. A good place to discuss changes to MapLibre software with the team is in the project's [Slack Channel](https://osmus.slack.com/archives/C01G3D28DAB). This is a good forum to discuss proposed changes before proceeding to an issue ticket or PR. In general, the project values discussion and communication over process and documentation. However, due to the size and complexity of the code, below are some best practices that have aided contributors.

Reviewer: I think GitHub Discussions are vastly suprior to Slack when it comes to discussions of importance, because discussions on Slack have a tendency to get lost or burried.

Author: Proposed:

Maplibre welcomes contributions from community! This codebase is large and complex, and following these best practices will assist the maintainer team in reviewing your contribution. In general, the project values discussion and communication over process and documentation. However, due to the size and complexity of the code, below are some best practices that have aided contributors.

It is a good idea to discuss proposed changes before proceeding to an issue ticket or PR. The project team is active in the following forums:
* For informal chat discussions, visit the project's [Slack Channel](https://osmus.slack.com/archives/C01G3D28DAB).
* For discussions of importance, consider opening a GitHub Discussions ticket so that other community members can collaborate in proposed solutions.

Reviewer: ```
For discussions whose output and outcomes should not be ephemeral, consider starting a thread on [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-js/discussions). This makes it easier to find and reference the discussion in the future. 
```

Maplibre software relies heavily on automated testing, and the project includes a suite of unit and integration tests. For both new features and bugfixes, contributions should update or add test cases to prevent regressions.

### New Features

For new features, it is usually a good idea to start with an issue ticket. If the feature requires changes to the style specification, an issue ticket should be created in the [style specification github space](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-style-spec). Style specification changes are hard to change later, so there will be particularly close scrutiny on changes to the spec.

If possible, it is beneficial to demonstrate proposed new features and assess the performance implications of the proposed change. You can use `npm install <location-of-maplibre-source-code>` to test changes in an npm context, or `npm run build-prod` to build a .js package for this purpose. 

> For more complex proposed features that require deeper discussion, you may be invited to a [Technical Steering Committee](https://maplibre.org/categories/steering-committee/) meeting for a video discussion with the team about the proposed change. We find that sometimes it's easier to have a focused, face-to-face discussion for more consequential decisions.

Reviewer: Should probably be reformulated to make it more clear that anyone that takes an interest is welcome to join these meetings.

Author: Proposed add:

"The Technical Steering Committee meetings are open to any contributors who want to get involved in the technical direction of the project. These meetings offer a chance for discussion and collaboration on various technical topics. We welcome you to join the meetings if you're interested in getting involved."

Reviewer: Also open to non-contributors. ;-)

Author: hah, okay "anyone"

Reviewer: Correct, anyone that takes an interest! Could be someone that may want to contribute in the future, a non-technical product manager from a geospatial company or a high school student interested in maps. They're really quite open as I understand it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more complex proposed features that require deeper discussion, you should consider bringing it up in the [Technical Steering Committee](https://maplibre.org/categories/steering-committee/) meeting for a video discussion with the team about the proposed change. We find that sometimes it's easier to have a focused, face-to-face discussion for more consequential decisions.
```

## Do not violate Mapbox copyright!
In December 2020 Mapbox decided to publish future versions of mapbox-gl-js under a proprietary license. **You are not allowed to backport code from Mapbox projects which has been contributed under this new license**. Unauthorized backports are the biggest threat to the MapLibre project. If you are unsure about this issue, [please ask](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-js/discussions)!

## Best Practices for Contributions

> Maplibre welcomes contributions from community! This codebase is large and complex, and following these best practices will assist the maintainer team in reviewing your contribution. In general, the project values discussion and communication over process and documentation. However, due to the size and complexity of the code, below are some best practices that have aided contributors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MapLibre welcomes contributions from community! This codebase is large and complex, and following these best practices will assist the maintainer team in reviewing your contribution. In general, the project values discussion and communication over process and documentation. However, due to the size and complexity of the code, below are some best practices that have aided contributors.
```

It is a good idea to discuss proposed changes before proceeding to an issue ticket or PR. The project team is active in the following forums:

* For informal chat discussions, visit the project's [Slack Channel](https://osmus.slack.com/archives/C01G3D28DAB).
* For discussions whose output and outcomes should not be ephemeral, consider starting a thread on [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-js/discussions). This makes it easier to find and reference the discussion in the future. 

> Maplibre software relies heavily on automated testing, and the project includes a suite of unit and integration tests. For both new features and bugfixes, contributions should update or add test cases to prevent regressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MapLibre software relies heavily on automated testing, and the project includes a suite of unit and integration tests. For both new features and bugfixes, contributions should update or add test cases to prevent regressions.
```

### New Features

> For new features, it is usually a good idea to start with an issue ticket. If the feature requires changes to the style specification, an issue ticket should be created in the [style specification github space](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-style-spec). Style specification changes are hard to change later, so there will be particularly close scrutiny on changes to the spec.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For new features, it is usually a good idea to start with an issue ticket. If the feature requires changes to the style specification, an issue ticket should be created in the [style specification GitHub repository](https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-style-spec). Style specification changes are hard to change later, so there will be particularly close scrutiny on changes to the specification.
```
